chore: tighten AGENTS.md comment rules (#60147)
PostHog/posthog: AGENTS.md

- CSS: Use tailwind utility classes instead of inline styles
- Error handling: Prefer explicit error handling with typed errors
- Naming: Use descriptive names, camelCase for JS/TS, snake_case for Python

> - Comments: default to no comment. Explain _why_, not _what_, and only when a future reader (with no access to this PR or chat) would otherwise be confused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comments: default to short or 1-line comments. Explain _why_, not _what_, and only when a future reader (with no access to this PR or chat) would otherwise be confused
```
